----
title: "Establishment of the National Space Agency of Singapore"
permalink: /sg-space-highlights/establishment-of-nsas/
date: 2026-02-02
layout: post
description: "Establishment of the National Space Agency of Singapore"
variant: tiptap
----

# Establishment of the National Space Agency of Singapore

The Government will set up the National Space Agency of Singapore (NSAS) from 1 April 2026. NSAS will be established under the aegis of the Ministry of Trade and Industry (MTI) to lead Singapore’s national space ambitions to be a leader in space technologies and a credible contributor to the global space ecosystem.

2.	Minister for Manpower and Minister-in-charge of Energy and Science & Technology in the Ministry of Trade and Industry, Dr Tan See Leng, announced the establishment of NSAS during his Guest-of-Honour address at the inaugural Space Summit 2026 on 2 February 2026.

3.	Space technologies and capabilities are critical to Singapore’s open and highly connected economy, underpinning essential functions such as digital connectivity, navigation, maritime monitoring and climate resilience. Singapore’s strengths in advanced manufacturing, aerospace, micro-electronics, precision engineering and artificial intelligence position us well to capture new opportunities in the space technology sector. Today, Singapore is home to about 70 space companies, employing around 2,000 professionals in diverse roles and activities across the value chain, from designing and manufacturing space components to providing satellite-based services. We have also established partnerships with international space agencies and organisations, including the European Space Agency, the Indian National Space Promotion and Authorization Centre (IN-SPACe), the UAE Space Agency, and the Geo-Informatics and Space Technology Development Agency of Thailand.

4.	Going forward, NSAS will spearhead Singapore's efforts to fully harness the value and opportunities of the growing global space economy, which is projected to reach US$1.8 trillion by 2035. NSAS will assume and build upon the current functions of the Office of Space Technology & Industry, Singapore (OSTIn) to (i) strengthen our R&D ecosystem, (ii) develop our space industry, and (iii) advance international partnerships. NSAS will also take on new functions to (iv) develop and operate Singapore’s national space capabilities, and (v) develop legislation and regulations which are pro-innovation and pro-business while achieving space safety and sustainability.

5.	The establishment of NSAS represents Singapore's commitment to become a leader in space technologies and services, leveraging our strategic location, technological capabilities, and business-friendly environment to capture emerging opportunities in the global space economy.

Access the full press release here:
